# DAPP2_Code
This is where all the necessary files to run the code for the robot will be stored. If you download all the files from here and follow the instructions in the README file to get the program setup on your computer.

# Installing the Program
Start by downloading the entire repository and storing all the files in a new folder on your computer. Also, ensure that the version of python you are working with is python 3.10. Within the files you downloaded there should be a requirements.txt file. This simply contains all the packages you need for the program to run. To install the packages open the terminal on your computer and type the command "python -m pip install -r requirements.txt" which will install all the packages globally. Alternatively, you could create a virtual environment in the folder where the rest of the files are stored. In this case, to install the required packages, activate the virtual environment and in the terminal type the command "pip install -r requirements.txt". After intalling all the required packages, connect the hardware to your computer and then open the python file scarra_code.py in a code editor of your choice and run it to start the program.

Note that if you are on an operating system other than Windows, the dlib package will not install properly if you just run the commands above. Instead, delete the dlib line from requirments.txt before running either of the pip commands. After that, install dlib onto your system manually before running the program.
